Satellite Tracker

Explanation:
-------------
This application predicts the location of satellites (over the next 10 days) relative to your location.
To do this, it uses the Skyfield library, documentation for which can be found at this URL:
https://rhodesmill.org/skyfield/earth-satellites.html

The application also uses the VisualCrossing weather api to predict sunrise, sunset, moonrise, moonset,
timezone, and an hourly forecast based on your provided address. Documentation:
https://www.visualcrossing.com/resources/documentation/weather-api/timeline-weather-api/

Satellite data is gathered from celestrak.org, (https://celestrak.org/NORAD/elements/index.php?FORMAT=tle)


Filters:
--------
"Sunlit Filter": If you are using a normal telescope, satellites will only be visible when they are lit 
by the sun (the alternative is they are within Earth's shadow). Check this to filter all events where
the satellite is in Earth's shadow.

"Moonlight Filter": This will use local moonrise/moonset times to filter out events that occur on nights
when the moon is more than 50% full, and is in the sky. It should be kept in mind that because of the
relative positions of the moon & satellite, as well as the position of the moon in the sky, the satellite
may well still be visible. For this reason, using the 'moon warnings' filter instead is recommended. 

"Clear Sky Filter": Will use hourly forecast data to return only events that occur when the hourly
forecast is clear.

"At Night Filter": Will only return events that happen between sunset and sunrise, which if you are using
a standard telescope, are the only times you will be able to view a satellite.

"Add Sunlit": Much like the sunlit filter above, except for all results will still be returned, they will
just have information about whether the satellite is sunlit or not included.

"Add Moon Warnings": If the moon is in the sky and greater than 50% full during a given event, this 
filter will attach a warning stating this to the results.

"Add Forecasts": Attaches an hourly forecast for the time of each event to the results.


Various Buttons:
----------------
"List All Satellites": 
The application provides a list of 20 or so commonly searched satellites, but 
contains data for over 9,000 satellites. If you wish to see the other options, click this button and
the complete satellite list will be printed out. Simply copy/paste any name into the 'search' field
to generate results.

"Export": 
This button exports whatever data is in the results field to a file called results_export.txt

"Generate Optimal Events":
Will cycle through each satellite that is listed in the dropdown menu, filtering results so only events
where the satellite is sunlit, the sky is clear, and it is night are returned.


Reading A Satellite Location:
-----------------------------
Altitude: 0 degrees is directly on the horizon, 90 degrees is directly above you, the altitude will be
somewhere from 30 to 90 degrees, so 1/3 of the way up the sky to directly overhead.

Azimuth: I provide a cardinal direction with this output, so should be easy to locate if you use a
compass & the altitude.

